### Evaluate and discuss your overall performance. Base your evaluation upon the position requirements, achievement of any goals established, or other notable events.


In this past year I have worked on:
- Several small tools for reporting data in presentations. These include tools for neuronal MEA and NMJ recordings. 
- Continued to support and improve performance for the video-based NMJ recording and analysis system as the the expectations and requirements of the experimental team evolves. 
- Expanded and improved memory mapping code for efficient loading and sorting of MEA data. This has enabled significant improvements in speed and resource management when working with MEA data. It is now feasible to work with Intan recordings on any computer which was not possible with the basic tools provided by Intan. 
- Integrated memory mapping code into refactored versions of the CardiacMEA and NeuronalMEA analyses. These have no graphical interface and are lightweight enough to run directly on analyst computers. 
- Created a common interface for performing analysis on 1D cellular signals. This software uses the memory mapping code and refactored NeuronalMEA and CardiacMEA analyses to provide an interactive graphical interface for analyzing MEA data. This replaces the current analysis interfaces for Cardiac MEA and cantilever data, and can result in analysis taking less than half the time as with the old Cardiac MEA interface. This speed improvement does not include the time saved by no longer needing to do any preprocessing on the dedicated analysis computers as a result of the memory mapping code. Currently I'm working on integrating Cantilever analysis into the  interface and am targeting a similar speed improvement as with the Cardiac MEA.
- Worked with Kevin to create a new version of the neuronal conduction velocity analysis that utilizes the memory mapping backend code for loading MEA data. The previous version I developed was a port of the original code developed in 2018 to make it compatible with the Intan system. This new version uses detection algorithms and outputs that are specifically tailored to the current hardware and experimental designs.
- Maintained various software projects, applying bug fixes and requested features. This includes, NMJ recording and analysis software, CardiacMEA analysis, NeuronalMEA analysis, NeuronalMEA CIDP analysis, Cantilever recording and analysis, ATF conversion, and Monday.com analysis submission manager.

In March of this year I started a Masters degree in computer science at Arizona State University. So far, some of the classes I've taken include visual deep learning and data mining. The concepts and methods covered in these classes have been directly applicable to work I've done in this past year or am hoping to do in the upcoming one.

### Are there areas of performance or skills you have performed exceptionally well?
In the past year I have improved in organizing user facing data graphics to communicate important information intuitively on the first iteration. This applies to both GUIs and static plots I have developed. This has significantly reduced the amount of work that has needed to be modified or rethought after initial presentations to the teams who use the tools.
I have also done well with translating new feature or  method requests from other teams into plans for software that can be practically implemented. This has involved managing the complexity of requests with respect the time it would take to implement and identifying the key results that should be delivered from the request and whether that involves expanding or reducing the scope of the original request.

### Are there areas of performance or skills you feel require attention or you would like to improve? The more specific you can be, the better.
An area I have struggled in is simplifying communication about project background information for audiences that are not as familiar with the work or theory when presenting progress. I often find myself realizing that I have skipped over important foundational information in describing how an analysis process works or how a certain method or data display relates to the biology. I believe I can improve on this skill by taking time to consider the presentation content I've written from an external perspective during the writing process.


### List any goals or objectives relevant to your work that you would like to pursue in the working year. This could include an area of research, leadership opportunities, acquiring a new skill, etc.
In this next year I would like to spend less time developing interfaces and plotting tools. While these are important components for supporting other teams, I feel as though I have been focusing on making the same analysis techniques easier to use instead of moving forward with automating or improving the performance of these processes. The work I have been doing has been useful towards that end, with updated interfaces and analyses easily supporting expansion with automated techniques. Specifically I would like to work on deep learning methods for automating ROI detection in our NMJ data or applying other supervised machine learning techniques.